_pages/portfolio/laserball.md, before:

---
layout: project
title: Laserball
permalink: /portfolio/laserball/
date: 2013-12-13 18:15:43.000000000 -02:00
portfolio: true
logo: logo_lb.jpg
---

<div class="video-container widevideo">
 <iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Flaserball2016%2Fvideos%2F594284824054190%2F&show_text=0&width=560" width="560" height="315" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowTransparency="true" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
</div>

 <span/>

### Description:

The Laserball Machine, is a digital game to play with friends from the [Ideia à Vista](http://ideiaavista.com.br/) company. Made with wood trim and suede provides a unique experience for players.

A new concept in video game. Invite a friend to play, get beers randomly chosen by the machine and have fun like never before!

![Alt Laserball]({{site.baseurl}}/img/portfolio/screen_lb0.jpg)

The main team was composed by Beto Roa, Renato Roa, João Ricardo Bittencourt and Tobias Beise Ulrich (me). In this project I was the programmer.
My boss (Beto Roa) was the game designer and producer, Renato was the artist and João (professor) was the main programmer.

It is a huge and nice project!

Come to the [Bilhar Porto Dez](http://www.bilharportodez.com.br/) pub to play!


### Fan-page

<div class="fb">
<div class="fb-page" data-href="https://www.facebook.com/laserball2016/" data-width="500" data-small-header="false" data-adapt-container-width="true" data-hide-cover="false" data-show-facepile="true"><blockquote cite="https://www.facebook.com/laserball2016/" class="fb-xfbml-parse-ignore"><a href="https://www.facebook.com/laserball2016/">Laserball</a></blockquote></div>
</div>


<hr />

[![Alt Ideia à Vista][2]][1]
{: style="text-align: center; max-width:200px; margin: auto;" :}

  [1]: http://ideiaavista.com.br/
  [2]: {{ site.baseurl }}/img/portfolio/partner_logo1.jpg

_Copyright © 2016  [Ideia à Vista](http://ideiaavista.com.br/). All rights reserved._
{: style="text-align: center; font-size: 0.7em; color:#656565;" :}

Commit message:

all links was seted to target=_blank

_pages/portfolio/laserball.md, after:

---
layout: project
title: Laserball
permalink: /portfolio/laserball/
date: 2013-12-13 18:15:43.000000000 -02:00
portfolio: true
logo: logo_lb.jpg
---

<div class="video-container widevideo">
 <iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Flaserball2016%2Fvideos%2F594284824054190%2F&show_text=0&width=560" width="560" height="315" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowTransparency="true" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
</div>

 <span/>

### Description:

The Laserball Machine, is a digital game to play with friends from the [Ideia à Vista](http://ideiaavista.com.br/){:target="_blank"} company. Made with wood trim and suede provides a unique experience for players.

A new concept in video game. Invite a friend to play, get beers randomly chosen by the machine and have fun like never before!

![Alt Laserball]({{site.baseurl}}/img/portfolio/screen_lb0.jpg)

The main team was composed by Beto Roa, Renato Roa, João Ricardo Bittencourt and Tobias Beise Ulrich (me). In this project I was the programmer.
My boss (Beto Roa) was the game designer and producer, Renato was the artist and João (professor) was the main programmer.

It is a huge and nice project!

Come to the [Bilhar Porto Dez](http://www.bilharportodez.com.br/){:target="_blank"} pub to play!


### Fan-page

<div class="fb">
<div class="fb-page" data-href="https://www.facebook.com/laserball2016/" data-width="500" data-small-header="false" data-adapt-container-width="true" data-hide-cover="false" data-show-facepile="true"><blockquote cite="https://www.facebook.com/laserball2016/" class="fb-xfbml-parse-ignore"><a href="https://www.facebook.com/laserball2016/">Laserball</a></blockquote></div>
</div>


<hr />

[![Alt Ideia à Vista][2]][1]{:target="_blank"}
{: style="text-align: center; max-width:200px; margin: auto;" :}

  [1]: http://ideiaavista.com.br/
  [2]: {{ site.baseurl }}/img/portfolio/partner_logo1.jpg

_Copyright © 2016  [Ideia à Vista](http://ideiaavista.com.br/){:target="_blank"}. All rights reserved._
{: style="text-align: center; font-size: 0.7em; color:#656565;" :}
